WORLD BUILDING

- a hug is like the pale form of a kiss; it isn't exclusive to moirails, but it's very taboo to hug someone who isn't your moirail and will likely give ppl the wrong idea. its the equivalent of kissing your friend in public. cuddling is exclusively for pale couples

- each caste has its own culture like purple

- when trolls r grubs, they're placed into groups of 8-12 to be socialized til they pupate. these trolls become their grubmates as they imprint onto each other chemically, associating comfort with the trolls heavily. they usually get separated but are never that far from each other and one of the main goals of a trolls life is finding all their grubmates. they just know when they see them, as they have a mutual instinctual reaction and familiarity. grubmates are much much more likely to be pale/red in the future and become bondmates

- bonding (cuddling for moirails and the equivalent of sex for red pairs) is a lot like vast error. when trolls believe they've found their soulmate, they make the life changing decision to bond - however, the effects aren't instantaneous. participating releases addictive and positive stimulating hormones and chemicals that pavlov them into associating their matesprit/moirail with positive emotions. its similar with kismesises, but is moreso a rush of strength, adrenaline, and aggression when they scuffle. it does have the same addictive quality but is much more easily shaken off. its like taking drugs, for example - the body wants more of these good chemicals and hormones, so they want to b around their bondmate more and bond more often. eventually it becomes the regular body condition and trolls need to be around their bondmate near constantly as not to suffer from withdrawals. primitively, it's supposed to be a survival tactic, as their partners are instinctually more protective towards them and would do anything to keep them safe, and vice versa. thus, feelings tend to be stronger with lowbloods and high/lowblood pairings often don't work as different needs have to be met. relationships between trolls with more than 3 degrees of caste separation are taboo and unhealthy; for example, an oliveblood would be able to date down to a bronze, and up to a cerulean.

- maybe names r like RNA code instead a DNA

- cryptids/scp real? 😳

- game levelling begins when they're born, so if they have more experience with their aspect before the game, they're stronger to begin with. this is why rolsia godtiers so quickly and the violet blood has such potent powers - and why it takes a while for detcon to develop his.

- blood castes exist due to yrs and yrs of gene alteration that eventually created divides due to different classes/how much money they cld have. thus, higherbloods r superior genetically. lowerbloods have adapted in their own ways, though, as they haven't died out. most trolls were created 

-through genetic cloning, w only rust/bronze bloods having to resort to traditional reproduction, which creates much more fragile babies. some trolls have surviving ancestors, some don't; the cloning only takes place when the population needs it. besides, only the rich can know who their ancestors are, as you'd have to pay to get access to those records

- trolls get their names/signs correlating to the randomly generated numbers assigned to them in the culmination vats (lil tubes they grow in)

- letsplayers are illegal. supermega are the last to be caught and are publicly executed

- when theyre transported to the game, their house is teleported 2 a blank space that will become their planet. they meet up w their denizen (not the classic denizen, moreso a manifestation of their aspect; a fraction of the universe entity) who explains their role and gets to know them a bit before creating their planet. thus they have their house on their planet - robot has the lab, and rolsias block was destroyed by the meteor, so she stays over there

- the reason their session was originally doomed to fail and pythia was tasked with leading them all to their doom was because, when a session is over, the universe grants one wish thatll carry on into the next universe by the winning players. last game that preceded theirs, the troll wished that it'd never happen again - so the universe remade the same exact world with the same exact people in it, but this time with different players ensured to fail. with a failed session, that universe would no longer reproduce, so it'd end all games in that strain. pythia & detcon have 2 use their doom time fuckery to talk to the troll who wished that upon them and make them redo their wish. the reason they had never wished that game upon another soul was because everyone except them and another were killed by it. the troll is a tealblood wearing a red cape that appears in the first few pages on a cereal box. they might have a human with them? itd be nice 2 see detcon freak out

- since letsplayers r outlawed theres a criminal troll that is a superfan & might b a youtuber themselves 

  
  
  
  

ROLSIA

- rly likes the idea of dnd/fantasy but doesn't have the resources to participate

- rolsia and THE ROBOT are able to find common ground on the fact that they have no resources to do anything they love

- fat fat fat pale crush on THE ROBOT, but they eventually start talking to ralzie way more

- likes looking at statues and figurines; when she has the chance, she occasionally makes little dolls of the trolls she likes. 

- works at a very high demand low wage job where she's often berated, like customer service or something.

- something that absolutely contributes to her big break is learning of THE ROBOTS creation. shes so fed up with casteism and learning that countless yellowbloods were slaughtered for them nearly sends her over the edge.

- lives in a swarmblock (apartment). its too small for her huge rabbit lusus to live in so it lives outside to fend on its own, leaving her in anxiety whenever she can't see it

- once she godtiers, she can control purple flames with ease. when she first reached her planet she let out her anger by setting forest fires, but harmed the consorts. this was a part of her growth quest as a page of rage - at first, she overcompensated and expressed it unhealthily by killing ppl, burning shit, etc, becoming like da highbloods she hated most. but she grew nd learned how 2 embrace her rage healthily while still standing her ground

- like da killer bunny trope he he 

- ok zoey u shld make her more antagonistic & damaged - almost like ryan for instance. u bein 2 soft on ha. controversal ass bitch

- photoshop flowey finale is her battle theme

- has maki voice!! (25 min in) 

- what if she kills the space player cerulean as well dooming the session 😳

- scar tissue/callouses r symbolic, as she eventually gets so numb from bein hurt all her life & dealin w rage aspect fire tht she didnt feel anything when she killed

- originally, she went between highblood households to perform different jobs (servant, gardener, cook, etc) and was often abused by the homeowners. one of them found it particularly fun to burn her. however, she did make a livable amount of money and continued to live in her hive. however, one day, a group of rowdy young higherbloods came around and taunted her then burned her hive down, leaving her homeless. the cerulean was one of those highbloods. thus, she was left to fend for herself on the streets where she learned how to survive and fight as it was a quite literally lawless place. eventually she managed to land a job for a giant corporate enterprise which would, in exchange for a place to live, pretty much control her entire life. she worked in the sweatshops and coal mines, circulating daily, and only have a few hours to return to her swarmblock to sleep. technically, corporate already has machinery to do all the work for them, but they use the lowest sect of workers to perform surplus so they have more money. her swarmblock is constantly monitored by cameras to ensure she's following procedure. she cant keep her lusus in the block, so if resides in the forest next to it. she does not make income, as all of it lines the corporates pockets, so she has to get any extra resources through stealing. whenever rolsia has the chance, she makes dolls of trolls she likes to keep her company in secret. 

- first kills the scientist in revenge for the robot. when cerulean & ralzie find out who did it, they team up to confront her at her planet, which she's burning again to let off steam. they fight, and that's when she kills cerulean and tells him she knows he burned her hive.

- maybe she had a matesprit in the past? they didnt die but the relationship jst didn't work out bc they were a highblood taking advantage of her...last words of a shooting star by mitski kinda deal

- as soon as shes in the game she latches onto THE ROBOT and doesnt trust anyone, save for detcon....until she finds out he's friends/matesprits w the cerulean. she begins to spiral

- THE ROBOT and rolsia r like split parallels; they both finally have freedom and have trouble coping with the ability to make their own decisions. however, rolsia sees this as the power to do whatever she wants. she has the ability to make decisions and doesn't know how long it'll last so she's making the most of it.

- pythia is part of the reason she snaps bc she tells rolsia all about her visions; rolsia loses hope

- first time she curses is when she's talking 2 ROBOT "look at us! we're free now! isn't it amazing? watch this: FUUCK!!!! AH-HA!!!"

- feels like everyone already dislikes/doesn't care for her so why not go apeshit? what's stopping her

- rolsia becomes the one thing she hates most; at first she has a natural traumatic reaction to flames and is horrified to discover her powers, but as she begins to break, she embraces it and becomes the culmination of everything shes hated in her life. 

- when she first sees cerulean, she has a panic attack and breakdown. the robot comforts her, but the scene ultimately ends in her saying "i hate this. i dont want to be weak anymore" 

  

CARLIN

- might b a bard of blood? prince of breath?

  
  
  
  

ROBOT

- doesn't have a hive; lives in the lab they were created in. they literally have nothing to do as their creator treats them more like a pet. its miserable.

- might sound like lead singer of tally hall

- ur led 2 believe theyre the big antag controllin er life due to the first interaction link bein like "DL: respond to the one thatll b ur downfall" or wtv. also see a flash from seer of doom of the scene where they see rolsia on da cameras - leads us 2 believe theyre the one monitorin er but its actually them findin out she killed. theyre one a da last characters 2 b introduced so theyre pretty mysterious as well

- spent the most of their time chained down to a singular, blank room with nothing to do. when entering the game, they initially assumed they were hopeless as meteors were heading for them while they were chained, but rolsia saved them

- [https://youtu.be/22ZaKbxmEMA](https://youtu.be/22ZaKbxmEMA)

  
  
  

RALZIE

  
  
  

CARLIN

  
  

DETCON(?)

- emo edgy bastard troll that is obsessed w aliens/cryptids. writes letters to aliens in case they're discovered in the future and that's all thats left of the planet. oliveblood. bard of time? shoegaze post rock post punk bullshit up the WAZOO...pretentious music lover. gets really adorable when able to talk about his interests / is super excited. gay as hell gets a matesprit. nubby rounded type horns. beanie. messy hair. his typing quirk might be zalgo or puts #s after Fs & As, ends sentences w infinite sign (like F#A# album). downright terrified of exposing his interests so to cope he pretends to feel superior because of them

- ex

you just wa♯nt us to die, holy f♯ucking shit dude ∞ 

maybe ☢ for o's? ☣? 

- asks a lot of questions when he speaks &  curses a lot. isnt particularly nice but aint a cold mfer

- pretty emotionally intelligent ab other ppl (like he can tell rolsia is oppressing her emotions)

- when he finds out the robot is a robot he goes holy fucking shit then dms cerulean like HOLY FUCKING SHIT DUDE I TOLD YOU I TOLD YOU SCPS ARE REAL I JUST MET ONE

- mothman or indestructible reptile lusus 

- mayb start sentences w c|, end w ) - like a lil ufo c|)

- lowkey horny....like...bro lit rally says "idk da bonding process yet ill get back 2 ya on dat one once i do it" in his bondmates entry. also says that ayeshas music rly speaks to him

- not a pessimist, moreso a nihilist

- framed pic of antoni fatano dat he kisses every day. page idea: >> Kiss framed photo of Antoni Fatano. What? >> You're supposed to ask for something zany. This is a daily thing, dude. 

- itd b ironic for him 2 doubt a lot of real things but believe fully in cryptids/aliens/scp (which ARE real but like yea). rly gettin his holden on

- DETCON SONG IDEAS: neonatal and wriggling by row, decompositionsentience by have a nice life, sedatedplunge, occasionally by my gory confession, 

  

c|)== wha♯ts up

  

MA: c|)== ba fuckin loney you madwoman.

CO; Darling, it's spelled bologna.

  

PYTHIA MIRTYU

- seer of doom, derse, violet

- omniscientSybil or clairvoyantOmniscience

- an ultra-famous clairvoyant who has her own show; gets visions via a staff with a pearl on the top. she is interested in witchery and uses an aboveground spooky house in a mushroom forest to perform her readings. in her controlled visions, she sees how the troll is going to die/fall into despair, which she assumed is inevitable - so she leads them directly towards their downfall with her advice (ie if she sees a patient drowning on oct 3, she says go to the lake on oct 3)

- she's an incredibly important character, as she's also had visions of the game during her life and is the one that distributes all the rules & game itself. she knows all deaths and outcomes of the game and how it functions, as she works in tandem with the universal entity. she believes it's her duty to fulfill the visions she's seen instead of stoping them, so she guides players along towards doom.

- has been plagued with visions of doom her entire life which has pretty much destroyed her sanity. she has a huge god complex over everyone else because she is able to know when and how they will die, and has the option to lead them towards it.

- makes a hesitant alliance with detcon later on in order to restore the timeline

-  serves role as something of an antagonist in the beginning but has redemption arc - they see a future in which the robot malfunctions and dies gruesomely with rolsia watching. its so terrible that, instead of making it happen, she prevents it later on when she recognizes it's about to happen. she has that sight way way earlier on and it's called back to when she diverts the course so they don't die.

- either gouges her diamond eye out or kills herself at the end

- knows her ancestor and has many people working with her so she's very influential

- replaces o's with diamonds? calls people darling/dear a lot and is much more condescending in the beginning

- manta ray or sea snake lusus

- named after the oracle pythia + shinigami mrtyu-mara

- horns based off of eye of ra; dress design off of evil eye

- gj zoey u wanted seer of doom, famous violet, studio killers troll, and witch girl n got it all in one 😳

- god complex mcgee

- able to see/communicate w ghosts bc of classpect?

- sees her own death at a young age. another motive for suicide might b 2 finally control her own fate? like 2 prove a pt? unsure. maybe she sees a vision of rolsia murdering her

- knows a lot abt & wants to protect rolsia at first bc shes seen the most of her life in her visions - normally, she sees her own shit whenever not reading someone else for money. however, in her random visions, she sometimes sees snippets of rolsias life just bc of how hopeless its been. she pushes rolsia down that path because rolsia is technically the bringer of doom/dooms the session by killing the space player. visions of rolsia have been with her her entire life - she drew a picture of her when she was younger that she keeps on her at all times. oh ana is HUGE HUGE pythia & rolsia song

  

CERULEAN

cerulean or teal who is OBSESSED w true crime, murder mystery, etc etc. claims he'd.love to be in one but is actually hella scared n cowardly. stupid idiot. wayyy too enthusiastic about things. probably has main character syndrome. goes from pale to flush crush on emo edgy bastard. they def listen 2 music together n bro is sittin there like da fuck is dis. space player...heir of space? swears he's straight but gundham and shuichi r the exceptiond. loves to watch unsolved w emo edgy bastard - hes there 4 true crime, emo for supernatural. dies at sum pt. used to b a terrible person and now uses his head in the clouds obsessive nature to not think about what he did. ____Fanatic

- PARALLEL scene btwn dese 2; cerulean is straight but has exceptions (gundham shuichi), olive is emo but had exceptions (caramelldansen). delivered in the same way

- not dat emotionally intelligent n is pretty oblivious. ofc he goes thru sum development b4 be n detcon get togetha

- adores weapons and has a bunch of them. tries to combine them all the time into the weirdest shit like a chain throwing axe u whip around at people that obviously doesn't work 

  
  
  

IDEAS

  

- 

- life player who does origami; brings paper animals 2 life to fight 4 em

- miiiight rework carlin in2 a rustblood who part time poses as a purpleblood 2 scam ppl

- base sum1 offa rhinestone eyes

- seer of doom highblood who knos nearly everythin das ab 2 happen and has sumb of a god complex over the others. theyre able 2 see all the deaths/downfalls/conclusion of da game and r tasked w makin sure those things happen. morally gray questionable antag, sum like calder. cant handle seein all da death n destruction thats to come so the god attitude is how they cope. they eventually grow and turn to detcon to try and repair the timeline. they make a hesitant alliance cus neither of em like each other very much. this was the only thing the seer did not see, as it was a vision of hope. they're the driving force making everything bad happen, although they believe it's inevitable. trolltag is ___Omniscience (clairvoyantOmniscience?). my ordinary life song. maybe they're a famous fortune teller and is da witch girl idea i had? appears sane at first but really isnt. if they wear an eyepatch its bc they gouged their own eye out in an attempt to rid themselves of the visions of doom. the eye they gouged out was like a little diamond pupil. uses a staff/cane/wizard wand type thing. whenever people get their fortune told she just leads them to their death (like if they drown she tells them to go to the lake).  might kill herself? sea snake lusus? mortel? mirtyu? prothia (prophet + pythia)? voyana? oracle sibyl siren pythia

- lil rascal bandit troll seen in notability. typing quirk wld b like a southern accent (it you're to yer). likes puzzles. obsessed w old time cowboys n bandits. part of their obsession is so they don't have to think about all da murder/crime theyve committed and put it in a more playful light

- sum1 regularly uses super weird ass obscure metaphors. not like dave but jus so wildly outta da context [like..yea...da](http://like..yea...da) comparison is there but... wtf

- witch lady named wicaen (sumthin like wiccan) dassa mage 

- sum1 who lives in da snow n wears craighat

  

c| i know youre gonna persist with your dumbassery for however long it takes so, fucking, sure i guess? )

  
  
  

NAME IDEAS

- rudele

- fedeir

- 

  
  

shittily described fantrolls

  

- totally has never been done before (or albion with murderous intent)

- :fuckboy emoji:

- holden caufield (or emo boy)

- danganronpa fan (or gay. sexy. stupid. what more do could you want) (or come on fuck me emo boy)

- redditor

- curses by crane wives (or god complex mcgee)