- she talks in a higher kinda customer service typa voice around people. her real voice is lower & quieter

- hates the smell of smoke and cleaning products (like medicinal cleaning alcohol pads)

- instead of fight or flight, her first instinct is freeze

- talks using short, consice words unless she's comfortable around someone

- if you care to listen she has a lot of stories from her life. she's met a lot of people and seen many things pos or neg

- feels like she needs to earn basic commodities - she doesnt deserve happiness unless she works for it (corporate brainwashing baby!)

- actually really good at thinking up outside of the box solutions to problems. this is bc of her wide range of problems she's had to deal with. 

- says "if i may" and "sorry" a lot

- good at navigation

- willing to sacrifice herself

- can talk up a good game if she feels threatened to try and intimidate people (doesnt work lol) "The Page of Rage would start off as incredibly passive and peaceful. They wouldn’t fight anyone, in fact they’d be no good at it if they tried. However, they would absolutely talk up a big game, acting like they could destroy anyone, but anyone can see they’d rather not fight."

- in the beginning shes more of a pushover. later on though she actually tries her best to assume a leader role, which doesnt work out

- i feel like part of her corruption could be borne of positive character development. her learning that, if she wants to be happy and recognized, she needs to work for it herself. tries to speak up more, have a leader role, not depend on others as much, but it ultimately fails; theyre so used to coddling her that she's naturally brushed off. which causes for a lot of real anger.

- for some semblance of control in her life shes actually really organized. she likes things to be in certain orders or groups, whether it be by number, color, etc. it makes navigating life a whole lot easier for her

- believes in principles/that there are "proper" way of doing things, even though theres no rulebook. likes routine. 

- likes doing favors for people so she isnt seen as a burden. it's also just what shes used to. working for others and being helpful has become a big part of her self worth

- she knows exactly what to say or do to hurt or compliment people. remember she has a LOT of history w different groups and personalities

- often pushes herself to the point of exhaustion

- has a tendency to not ask questions and just do as shes told. speak only when spoken to. (in the beginning at least)

- a part of her character dev that also contributes 2 her classpect could be her getting so tired and dropping a whole lot of the things i just listed. rebelling against them, really. shes so tired of doing all that for people and never ever getting anything in return

- likes to pick up little items or souvenirs from places that would otherwise be deemed useless (like rocks, sticks, etc). it was a way for her to look back at where she was vs where she is now, and kept her hopeful. gave her a sense of moving forward whether it be "i was that well off once, i'll be there again" or "thank god im not there lol"

- her only source of attention is pity but also hates being seen as weak

- really likes indulging in other peoples interests esp if they have the resources to do so! 

- likes reading back on old conversations whenever shes lonely

- believes that if ppl dont come to her they dont want to talk to her

- puts up such a people pleasing polite non-expressive front bc its her only way to stay safe

- the first time she kinda starts her corruption arc is when she finally snaps and retaliates at someone. after everyone is all shocked shes ike omg...that felt good..i have power now lol

- her rage powers could not only be fire but near the end she has a grip on illusion/manifesting fear. thats how shes able to make her scissors bigger/smaller than they really are

- COLLECTS BUTTONS!!!!

  

the old transcriptions

- rly likes the idea of dnd/fantasy but doesn't have the resources to participate

- rolsia and THE ROBOT are able to find common ground on the fact that they have no resources to do anything they love

- fat fat fat pale crush on THE ROBOT, but they eventually start talking to ralzie way more

- likes looking at statues and figurines; when she has the chance, she occasionally makes little dolls of the trolls she likes. 

- works at a very high demand low wage job where she's often berated, like customer service or something.

- something that absolutely contributes to her big break is learning of THE ROBOTS creation. shes so fed up with casteism and learning that countless yellowbloods were slaughtered for them nearly sends her over the edge.

- lives in a swarmblock (apartment). its too small for her huge rabbit lusus to live in so it lives outside to fend on its own, leaving her in anxiety whenever she can't see it

- once she godtiers, she can control purple flames with ease. when she first reached her planet she let out her anger by setting forest fires, but harmed the consorts. this was a part of her growth quest as a page of rage - at first, she overcompensated and expressed it unhealthily by killing ppl, burning shit, etc, becoming like da highbloods she hated most. but she grew nd learned how 2 embrace her rage healthily while still standing her ground

- like da killer bunny trope he he 

- ok zoey u shld make her more antagonistic & damaged - almost like ryan for instance. u bein 2 soft on ha. controversal ass bitch

- photoshop flowey finale is her battle theme

- has maki voice!! (25 min in) 

- what if she kills the space player cerulean as well dooming the session 😳

- scar tissue/callouses r symbolic, as she eventually gets so numb from bein hurt all her life & dealin w rage aspect fire tht she didnt feel anything when she killed

- originally, she went between highblood households to perform different jobs (servant, gardener, cook, etc) and was often abused by the homeowners. one of them found it particularly fun to burn her. however, she did make a livable amount of money and continued to live in her hive. however, one day, a group of rowdy young higherbloods came around and taunted her then burned her hive down, leaving her homeless. the cerulean was one of those highbloods. thus, she was left to fend for herself on the streets where she learned how to survive and fight as it was a quite literally lawless place. eventually she managed to land a job for a giant corporate enterprise which would, in exchange for a place to live, pretty much control her entire life. she worked in the sweatshops and coal mines, circulating daily, and only have a few hours to return to her swarmblock to sleep. technically, corporate already has machinery to do all the work for them, but they use the lowest sect of workers to perform surplus so they have more money. her swarmblock is constantly monitored by cameras to ensure she's following procedure. she cant keep her lusus in the block, so if resides in the forest next to it. she does not make income, as all of it lines the corporates pockets, so she has to get any extra resources through stealing. whenever rolsia has the chance, she makes dolls of trolls she likes to keep her company in secret. 

- first kills the scientist in revenge for the robot. when cerulean & ralzie find out who did it, they team up to confront her at her planet, which she's burning again to let off steam. they fight, and that's when she kills cerulean and tells him she knows he burned her hive.

- maybe she had a matesprit in the past? they didnt die but the relationship jst didn't work out bc they were a highblood taking advantage of her...last words of a shooting star by mitski kinda deal

- as soon as shes in the game she latches onto THE ROBOT and doesnt trust anyone, save for detcon....until she finds out he's friends/matesprits w the cerulean. she begins to spiral

- THE ROBOT and rolsia r like split parallels; they both finally have freedom and have trouble coping with the ability to make their own decisions. however, rolsia sees this as the power to do whatever she wants. she has the ability to make decisions and doesn't know how long it'll last so she's making the most of it.

- pythia is part of the reason she snaps bc she tells rolsia all about her visions; rolsia loses hope

- first time she curses is when she's talking 2 ROBOT "look at us! we're free now! isn't it amazing? watch this: FUUCK!!!! AH-HA!!!"

- feels like everyone already dislikes/doesn't care for her so why not go apeshit? what's stopping her

- rolsia becomes the one thing she hates most; at first she has a natural traumatic reaction to flames and is horrified to discover her powers, but as she begins to break, she embraces it and becomes the culmination of everything shes hated in her life. 

- when she first sees cerulean, she has a panic attack and breakdown. the robot comforts her, but the scene ultimately ends in her saying "i hate this. i dont want to be weak anymore" 

  
  
  

classpect

A Page of Rage would be a very great team member to have. They are the definition of learning from your mistakes, as they grow stronger through failure. Getting angry at their mistakes would be even better, as it covers another aspect of Rage. The Page may be a somewhat snappish player, as their journey through the game would be littered with even more obstacles than a normal Page’s, due to their Rage aspect. But SBURB would only be doing this to help them grow, and if they godtier, will be an incredibly powerful player.

It’s my personal belief that once a Page godtiers, they gain near full control over their aspect (not as much as a Lord, of course). So a Page with total control of Rage would be beneficial especially in the final battle. With control over failure, there would be little the enemy could do prevent themselves from losing. The Page could sap all of the anger and passion the enemy has, leaving them lost and unsure what to fight with.

As far as powers go, I somewhat covered that earlier. Pre-godtier, they could do almost as much as their post-godtier self, but just in it as strongly or professionally, you could say. They could still share failure with the other team and share passion and drive with their own. Like I said in the beginning, a Page of Rage must never be discouraged by hardships. That is one of the Page’s greatest powers, you grow out of failure!

Hope this helped, and good wishes to all Pages of Rage out there!