the robot gives rolsia way too many chances and believe in people way too much

  

after her big break and she's alienated completely for a while, they feel terrible about the fact that she is permanently imprinted in their every action due to their ai

  

characters in order of height:

  

1. pythia

2. cerulean

3. robot

4. limeblood

5. detcon

6. ralzie

7. rolsia

8. tealblood

  

GENERAL SONGS

- holy fucking shit: 40,000 by have a nice life

  
  

detcon rly gets the one who's about to snap and perpetual stoner (wants to snap too) as the younger sibling figures. so he goes "ok but i have other relationships too? those must b better" nope! his ex moirail current matesprit is the antihero. he goes "uhhh okay.. is that all?" not yet! btw ur older sister figure and partner in crime is the raging narcissist

  

diary of a wimpy kid is a sci fi comic book abt aliens that detcon Despises bc of how lazy the alien designs r. he hates humans. 

  
  

stressed out beauratcric fuchsia ? bc all fuchsia'd make up da government...ftm?

glasses

bcomes teal moirails?

  
  

tropes da couples fit

  

detcon & cerulean <3

- off the walls eccentric + emotional wall with one weakness

- dumbass + oh fuck i guess they're my dumbass

- completely unaware that they're basically a couple

- Bro We Are Rivals

  
  

rolsia & robot <>

  
  

robot song:

white ferrari?

  
  

if u wanna go rly dark then parts of the robot cld b made of dead goldbloods like their hair horns etc

  

pythia used to be stereotypical rich kid, doing drugs and shit - had a female best friend w a lot of romantic tension. super rich kids by frank ocean 

  

pythia is the oldest out of the clique bc she isn't grubmates w them, being around 24 while the rest r 18-19 (human yrs). robot is youngest mentally, being 15/16 although theyve only existed for a sweep or so

  

ivy by frank ocean is robot song

little dark age by mgmt is cerulean song

  
  

cerulean despises being alone because it leaves him alone w his thoughts

  

pythia is more privileged than most violet bloods, meaning she'd be treated with the respect a fuchsia may get. this is because she knows her ancestor & doesn't live on her own, so she has double the money and rights 

  

robot doesnt have really any reaction to music but i feel like theyd like cuco 

  

cerulean loves britney spears

  
  

MAKE A PRINCE OF LIGHT

  

rolsia didnt know that ceruelan burned he house til pythia told her

  

trio of doom: rolsia pythia cerulean

  

soldier poet king but cerulean detcon pythia

  

cerulean has night terrors frequently?

  

when nomadic, teal and lime were connected at the hip. they were matesprits but in the superficial 13yo way. since they got separated and teal was placed into the toxic hive, they adopted a whole new personality and unhealthy coping mechanisms (overeating, isolation, suppression of emotions, escapism, recklessness). lime is still quite protective of them as she was the strong funny friend, but their relationship has turned sour as teal can no longer hold a conversation at all. she doesn't really understand what they're going through so she's insensitive and eventually blows up at them abt it - assumed they're like this for the hell of it and are constantly flaky because they don't want to hang out w her but don't have the guts to say. their friendship is never salvaged.

  

like those memes where someone's breaking up nd someone just sends a surreal image. glub glub

  

used to have a lot of promise/smarts/etc when they were little

  

while they were nomadic w lime they realized they’re enby 

  

teal wields an axe from cutting firewood

  

when they were younger they had shorter boyish hair and a bandana around their neck

  

has a.bad habit of breaking/losing things, esp those that e impt to ppl (bard of blood)

  

teal is terrified of death due to their abuse (don’t know if/when their lusus will snap and kill them if they take one wrong step) and thinks about it a lot. cant really handle their mortality. sum memento mori by crywank or living life in the night type beat

  

detcon: c|)== dude do you remember when you went through that phase where you started acting like one of your damn characters

detcon: c|)== calling everyone your "sidekick" and shit

cerulean: NOOO DONT REMIND MEEE!!!

  

robot hates being alone and is terrified of it 

  

character based off of kai yttd? like u think theyre creepy/suspicious at the beginning but theyre jus trying their [best...da](http://best...da) mechanic troll maybe dat acts as a parenwl figure 2 da group . uses fun words saved in fantroll folder 

  
  

characters oldest to newest

1. rolsia

2. carlin

3. ralzie

4. robot

5. detcon

6. pythia

7. cerulean

8. teal

  

PY: Rolsia knows, you know.

AF: ???

AF: What is there to know??

PY: Honey, you know exactly what I’m talking about.

AF: I reallly dont 

AF: I’m confused...

PY: Sure you are. 

PY: You want an explanation, dear?

AF: Yep!!!

PY: Remember when you were younger? I know you do. 

PY: I’m sure you could put the pieces together at this point. I know it’s all an act - I know those too well. You aren’t dumb, and don’t try to convince me now. 

PY: There are too many instances such as these to count, but I’m sure you remember something having to do with... Flames? That ring a bell, darling?

PY: Your silence speaks volumes. It’s funny. 

  

TEAL NAME IDEAS

  

lazlan (goes by laz)

urspen (ursa socpen lol)

nickname ideas: kiv, 

  

kivlan? kivlez? kivken? kivras? 

  

kivlan socrey (socpen + benrey im so sory)

  

the colors line in home by cavetown is ab purple blood stains in kivs home 😳

  

[http://www.farragofiction.com/DollSim/index.html?Kivlan+Socrey%3A___YUAIKCAIKCAGBgAIKCAGBgAEBA_7op_7opAIKCAAAAS0tLOjo6ERERs_b_AGBgZmZmxMTEACHLABBlCIKQUh_8BrQIACFAQoHIDlgA%3D%3D](http://www.farragofiction.com/DollSim/index.html?Kivlan+Socrey%3A___YUAIKCAIKCAGBgAIKCAGBgAEBA_7op_7opAIKCAAAAS0tLOjo6ERERs_b_AGBgZmZmxMTEACHLABBlCIKQUh_8BrQIACFAQoHIDlgA%3D%3D)

  

[lime.is](http://lime.is) very headstrong and jumps to conclusions easily

  

make bronze that is very anti capitalist highblood - punk, goes to riots/protests, uses smoke bombs, likes apeshit music like piss song and it takes a nation of millennials, part of a secret organization taking shit down from th insife

  

the limeblood, after kivlan "abandoned" her, found and was taken into a secret anti highblood group with trolls from all over the hemospectrum. that one ragtag group was just a small part of a huge operation to take down the reigning highbloods from the inside. they were her family and her part was to defy the royal law against letsplayers by spreading propaganda in her videos and actively participating in rebellion. thats where she got her masks. she didnt want to leave at all once the game came around but was forced to, leaving behind all of the trolls she loved for so many sweeps to die. she was immensely disappointed when she was left w kiv in the new 12 troll universe saver ultimate group 

  

even during her time in the coalition, she checked in on kiv - of course only to be greeted by their bullshit. she assumed they didnt like or want to speak to her anymore and just didnt have the guts to say it. instead of trying to reach out to them and ask how they're doing, she blew up on them one day. since hten every interaction has been sour as she was ultimately abandoned twice by them. shes always disappointed in them, as they had so so much potential back when she knew them. now she just thinks theyve become an insensitive douchebag that takes their privilege for granted

  

in the game she takes the big sister role w a lot of the people around her, doing her best to save all of them as she couldnt save her previous team. shes very headstrong and jumps to conclusions quickly. 

  

a song that reminds me of her is gone gone / thank you

  

note carlin is in da coalition group :)

  

kiv knew detcon for a while when they were younger but other than that lime was the one who introduced them to the rest of the clique

  

all gone mother mother

  

mbti assigning 😏 (rough)

  

kiv: isfp

detcon: intj 

pythia: entj

rolsia: infp

cerulean: enfp

robot: esfj

lime concept: entj

  

pythias old fuchsia friend was actually in the rebellion that limeblood joined. pythia grrw out her hair bc she liked how it looked on the fuchsia

  
  

THE 7 DEADLY SINS FEAT MY GAY LITTLE OCS

  

envy: rolsia

wrath:

gluttony: pythia

  

greed:

sloth: kiv

lust: detcon

pride: cerulean

  

rolsia sewed robot their sweatshirt as a big secret side project for them, as they mentioned they have no clothes. she gives it to them when they first meet. she kept it on her at all times because it was like they were with her thru it

  
  

the reason detcon and cerulean started getting along is bc their interests r similar in nature and can b related. like cryptid murder mysteries and they share the horror genre

  
  

ceruleans land quest is being able to find and steal the green sun. its hidden somewhere that's highly guarded and dangerous or simply impossible to enter, so it makes him realize his thief of space powers

  

ceruleans lusus pretty much let him do whatever tf he wants so that's why he was such an irresponsible delinquent when he was younger. hed b anti cop but ONLY because they wldnt let him commit hate crimes 

  

he lived in a suburban district that was the most humanlike on troll planet. its supposed to be where only higher middle class/low high class trolls on the hemospec can live and is thus supposed to be super safe. cerulean was part of a band of delinquents tht fuckt shit up. he started to reconsider his lifestyle after he realized he never saw whether or not th victims of his arson/robbery/torment etc got out or not 

  

maybe ceruelean takes up a lot of space? like thief of space? most of his weapons r stolen, has a bad habit of stealing ideas/plans/roles. he kinda stole rolsias potential/chance at redemption

  
  

in the beginning, rolsia takes it upon herself to care for and comfort the robot as she hears that they're in such a  worse situation than she is. it gives her a sense of purpose and is the first time in her life she knows someone "below" her. she also somewhat lives vicariously through them as she gave them the comfort she never recieved. this is another reason why she snaps - since theyre off doing their thing w other ppl, she's no longer the sole caretaker. she lost that purpose and all added perks. she feels like they owe her so much

  

detcon and cerulean r fighting together against a bunch of game monsters & r surrounded. cerulean just stammers out "hey i have something to tell u. i love u detcon" and detcon goes "you WHAT" and is immediately decked (EVEN BETTER: they have literally kissed and shit before this but this is the first time it's ever said). detcons toof gets knocked out so his mouth is all bloody but they walk away silently. like uncomfortable silence til detcon jus holds ceruleans hand and he goes !!!!!!

  

• note there r monsters r threats throughout the game. theyre being pushed to get to the final boss and do their off planet shit (frog etc) so the difficulty progresses for all of them no matter what. each planet has its own specialized monster and as they go to each other's planets more every monster begins to spawn on every planet. every aspect holders planet has monsters that r the opposite aspect - ie kiv has breathbased monsters, detcon has spacebased

• rage creatures look innocuous/silly at first but catch fire n are very strong when the time comes? like rolsia?

  

detcons quirk is dropped whenever hes caught off guard or too emotionally charged to care abt whether or not it's there

  

very first exchange in [https://youtu.be/zrm_vJt2gzI](https://youtu.be/zrm_vJt2gzI) is detcon and kiv

  

due to their chat service being a parody of discord, there r a lot of scenes where they voicechst. its structured like a normal txt conversation but with added bits of screenplay elements.

  

DETCON: radda radda radda

  

KIV joined the call. 17:18:01

  

All that can be heard from KIV's mic is miscellaneous shuffling and heavy breathing that overloads the space. 

  

DETCON: what the fuck.

  
  

pythia essentially goes "normally i don't help ppl but if u don't stop rolsia u die" which kills cerulean obv. that's the day he's supposed to get the green sun so hes like "bro i have to get the green sun tf u mean?" then boom. session doomed

  

my session be 

  

so fine

  
  

then boom

  

pythia mirtyu

  
  

giddy with delight 

seeing what's to come

(cerulean knowing that he can stop rolsia and finally confront her after pythia lied to him)

the image of the dead

deadens in my mind

(pythia watching cerulean walking away, knowing full well he's bouta die lmao)

  

(he arrives on rolsias planet in a flash of white. his face is shown illuminated by purple fire light and his expression quickly changes to horror)

  

drop

  

(flashback to his delinquency days when he'd do arson and run from police and shit, burning down rolsias hive etc)

  

policeman swear to god etc

  
  

CERULEAN: Cmon man! Double wield the throwing axes.

  

DETCON: oh yeah because im the most experienced motherfucker in DOUBLE WIELDING, you fucking madman!

  
  

TL;DR

rolsia: aren't you tired of being nice? don't you wanna go apeshit?

robot:

detcon: troubled older brother

kiv:

cerulean: himbo

  
  

detcon is a very cautious better safe than sorry kinda generally fearful person bc his lusus was so overprotective. his lusus let him go out and do his shit wtv wasnt abuse but definitely instilled that fear in him to keep him safe vc he's so impt. ge always keeps band-aid and shi in him

  

hes an anxious guy but channels it differently than say jentha or tavros - he internalizes it and tries to take control of situations so nuthin goes wrong. either that or it's just channeled into him calling ppl out on their dumbassery. unfortunately he is morosexual!

  

when they first get registered as having a lsus/hive, every troll gets a free custom base shirt that identified their sign and caste. this isthe job rolsia does and workers r generally treated like shit bc they make the free stuff

  
  

if we go w the wish thig the reason the game didn't just stop there is bc the only way a strain of universes can end completely is when a session is doomed and ends completely  - u cannot just wish it. so the universe allseer did what they had to do

  
  

that part in rät right b4 edison and after all my heroes r rich is robot tryna convince rolsia the rest r good and they can both b friends even if they hsve highblood friends. 

  
  

heart for brains roar? 

  

TRIO OF DOOM SONG IS MOONSICKNESS BY PENELOPE SCOTT

  

cerulean is lotta true crime?

  
  

cerulean is like one of those emotionally stunted suburban white boys who has internalized homophobia and probably kill crows with the boys

  

mayb he's nicknamed ceru bc he was the only cerulean in the group? old delinquent group

  

reason robot can't godtier but is still in the game is bc the original aspect holder was killed making them and is the main Source of hair blood etc?

  

change cerulean lusus to raven bc they'd follow soldiers into battle, knowing they were gonna die

  

also he starts getting into true crime and shit big-time after he leaves his delinquency as a way to almost forgive himself? like he committed crimes and shit but now that he's on the "good side" he has no reason to feel bad (he does ❤️). 

  
  

pythia wants rolsia to godtier real bad ... mayb joins forces w her to gain her trust😳

  

like rolsias fire explosion bs is pre godtier she's the fucking PAGE. once she godtiers she can probably mess w people's minds & play w their fears using illusions, etc

  
  

rogue of hope or sumthin? very bubbly inexperienced anxious troll who puts others in front of themselves, if girl embraces femininity

  

when they were younger detcon and cerulean would go look for bog bodies in detcons swamp :)

  

kiv likes to play minecraft mainly to either speedrun or just go aimlessly exploring - like prepping urself w a boat, food, supplies, etc and going out

  

kiv is just . dismurrit child fuck this man

kiv; play minecraft with me *catches feelings*

  

ceru wakes up and chooses violence in the most literal way possibel

who needs females when u have swag

  
  

when they were younger detcon housed rolsia for a while after her hive burned down. she felt like a burden and left for her job

  

their fave colors :)

ceru: orange

rolsia: purple

  

detcon hates the real stories about tragedy so he resorts to the fictional instead. he was raised in a way that made him rly cautious so he doesn't like true crime 

  

the beginning ceru goes AWOOGA AWOOGA 4 da limeblood but she fucking despises him (think therefore i am by billie). they bcome rivals at sum pt though but shes better than him :) a kismesistude wld b .. inch resting but like.... does he DESERVE that many bitches?

  
  

rolsia is doing well and actually intermingling a lil bit but pythia RUINS that by lying to her and exposing the truth abt ceru. her villain arc is even more heart breaking ! ❤️

  

da big themes:

- breaking cycles; change

- suppression/facades?

- capitalism fucking sucks

  

incredibly very cursed idea: detcon dream voice

  

pythias lusus is very pampered n this very dumb. gets stuck in ouroboros position mayb? 

  

kiv likes marshmallows a lot :)

  

mayb kiv dies and lime is so so tired of losing all of her friends so she slams all the life spells into their body (like see in fantroll folder) lol :)

  
  

if u want even MORE pain the robot could start off reckless, full of life/vitality, etc but rolsia eventually erodes them away  w her constant emotional baggage and manipulation. kinda like tommy lmao

  

also robot was manipulated by the trolls who created them! they were content w their neglect and convinced that they werent finished - never told that they had such powerful psionic powers/emotional capabilities etc. to keep them from rebelling. they know so little abt themself and have no idea 

  

note: robo DOES eventually have a semblance of a personality bcause over a long time of socializing they internalize the patterns and don't need to emulate as much

  

when the planets r all developed central island first opens, kiv doesnt go. they stay in their new planet barely taking in the situation. they dont reach out nor does anyone hear back from them. to their knowledge, kiv isnt in the game 

  

ceru grew into delinquency as well bc he stuck strict to the caste system of society, but only because they gave him an advantage

  

DETCON: c|)== sometimes im tired of being the sensible one!

DETCON: c|)== you can handle your own damn self

  
  

kiv is pretty much nocturnal bc theyre less likely to encounter their lusus

  
  

ceru dies at sum pt bc he was being stupid, which paves way for

- he and detcon growing a stronger bond

- him being more careful

- his eventual permanent death

  
  

KIV: 2 sexy for it

KIV: dont fee\ shit on the matter yr honor

  

ceru usta wear a beanie/hat all the time when he was younger bc his deformity was a low blood trait - no well off highblood would have something like that. him taking pride in it/showing it off is another part of his guilty performative activism

  

kiv lost their captchalogue a long time ago (when they got separated from lime) so they do shit the old fashioned way. they lovingly named their ax: axe body spray

  

detcon has this kinda apprehension/doubtfulness around the world bc nothing incredibly tragic has happened yet - he feels like it's gonna b made up for some day/something that bad is lurking

  

"im a man of many tricks and tools and joy / with a battery of guilt on which to poise" is SUCH a ceru lyric its painful

  

tha reason that ceru dies so easily to rolsia is bc he drastically underestimates her. he has without fail considered her weak, and didn't expect any actual fight to happen. she was also using her powers to conceal her scissors before they changed into the lethal weapons, so his guard was down

  

detcon is checking out cerus hive n sees a spray can/lighter stashed away on the shelves and thinks its really cool! so he asks about it n ceru avoids the question n is trhing not 2 like have a panic attack til detcon asks wats up

  
  

pythia stashed away all her drawings from when she

  
  

WARNING SAPPY GAY BULLSHIT LOGGERS

  

after ceru n detcon have their first kiss cetus like "was th..." like he cannot SPEAK but detcons all groggy and shit so he jus buries his head in cerus torso and says "doesn't matter":

  

a scent so familiar you never once noticed it. (detcon abt ceru)