if there r statuses like on disc i feel like kivs wld b "zonkt". i feel like theyd like the word zonk(ed) a lot

  

detcon doesn't put effort into being dressed up bc he doesn't really care and doesn't leave the house [often..it](http://often..it)'s too much of a hassle to row out of the swamp, even if his lusus lets him hitch a ride. hes getting too old to do that in the first place. its also a generally muddy area so it's easy to get clothes dirty

  

when he's sent to the game w his hive, his lusus comes along too. they die soon after entering, however, releasing the denizen of time. they were the denizen inhabiting a temporary form 

  

kiv is nblw 

  

if kiv were to have a normal home life/lusus their lusus wld b a ferret full fucking stop

  

KIV FERRET CONSORTS? 😳

  

it isn't hard to get detcon in a bad mood. he changes w the general vibe 

  

pythias seer of doom powers don't just show her death and stuff, but also things pertaining to endings, rules/regulations (consequences of blood castes, new order/leadership being taken, etc) and other things that have 2 do w doom

  

on everyh planet there's quests/puzzles that need a specific aspect to assist! ex. if you see a door w the blood symbol on it then kiv needs to do the puzzle w u

  
  

ceru usta have long hair in a ponytail? 😳

either that or the classic racist white boy middle part

  

rolsia b like "ugh i hate the man!" but is too terrified of disobeying authority and routine so she listen anyway

  

[https://www.behindthename.com/names/browse.php?operator_meaning=isany&value_meaning[]=%22battle%22&value_meaning[]=%22space%22&value_meaning[]=%22galaxy%22&value_meaning[]=%22weapon%22&value_meaning[]=%22raven%22&value_meaning[]=%22fierce%22&value_meaning[]=%22ambitious%22&value_meaning[]=%22ambition%22&value_meaning[]=%22destroy%22&value_meaning[]=%22doom%22&value_meaning[]=%22enthusiastic%22&value_meaning[]=%22fighter%22&value_meaning[]=%22fight%22&value_meaning[]=%22thief%22&lookup_meaning=1&operator_length=is&value_length[]=6](https://www.behindthename.com/names/browse.php?operator_meaning=isany&value_meaning[]=%22battle%22&value_meaning[]=%22space%22&value_meaning[]=%22galaxy%22&value_meaning[]=%22weapon%22&value_meaning[]=%22raven%22&value_meaning[]=%22fierce%22&value_meaning[]=%22ambitious%22&value_meaning[]=%22ambition%22&value_meaning[]=%22destroy%22&value_meaning[]=%22doom%22&value_meaning[]=%22enthusiastic%22&value_meaning[]=%22fighter%22&value_meaning[]=%22fight%22&value_meaning[]=%22thief%22&lookup_meaning=1&operator_length=is&value_length[]=6)

CERU NAME IDEAS!!!!

callan mastra

caltan mastra

cathan

calwik

corbin mastra

callak mastra

cadbin mastra (cadfan + corbin)

lorcan mastra

cadlan mastra 

calbin mastra

CADELL m Welsh

From Welsh cad "battle" and a diminutive suffix.

CADFAN m Welsh

Means "battle peak" from Welsh cad "battle" and ban "peak". Saint Cadfan, from Brittany, was a 6th-century missionary to Wales.

CHARON m Greek Mythology

Possibly means "fierce brightness" in Greek. In Greek mythology Charon was the operator of the ferry that brought the newly dead over the River Acheron into Hades.

CORBIN m English

From a French surname that was derived from corbeau "raven", originally denoting a person who had dark hair. The name was probably popularized in America by actor Corbin Bernsen (1954-).

JARMIL m Czech

Derived from the Slavic elements yaru meaning "fierce, energetic" and milu meaning "gracious, dear".

LORCÁN m Irish

Means "little fierce one", derived from Irish Gaelic lorcc "fierce" combined with a diminutive suffix. This was the name of a 12th-century archbishop of Dublin.

TALBOT m English (Rare)

From a surname that was perhaps derived from a Germanic given name composed of the elements tal "to destroy" and bod "message".

TOLLAK m Norwegian

From the Old Norse name Þórleikr, which meant "Thor's play" from the name of the Norse god Þórr (see THOR) combined with leikr "play, game (involving weapons)".

CORMAC m Irish

Possibly derived from Irish Gaelic corb "raven" or "wheel" and mac "son". This was the name of a 3rd-century king of Ireland.

FECHÍN m Irish

Means "little raven" from Irish fiach "raven" combined with a diminutive suffix. This was the name of an Irish saint of the 7th century who died of the yellow plague.

  

ROBOT NAME IDEAS

[https://www.behindthename.com/names/meaning/%22freedom%22%2C%22free%22%2C%22personality%22%2C%22heart%22%2C%22identity%22%2C%22life%22%2C%22robot%22%2C%22change%22%2C%22automated%22%2C%22mysterious%22%2C%22hidden%22%2C%22concealed%22%2C%22rebel%22/length/6](https://www.behindthename.com/names/meaning/%22freedom%22%2C%22free%22%2C%22personality%22%2C%22heart%22%2C%22identity%22%2C%22life%22%2C%22robot%22%2C%22change%22%2C%22automated%22%2C%22mysterious%22%2C%22hidden%22%2C%22concealed%22%2C%22rebel%22/length/6)

  

CLIRIM m Albanian

Derived from Albanian çliroj "to free; to set free; to release".

DAMIRA f Kyrgyz, Kazakh, Tatar

Derived from Persian ضمیر (zamir) meaning "heart, mind, secret", though it may also be from Turkic *temür meaning "iron".

ERIRIN f Japanese

From Japanese 愛 (e) meaning "love, affection", 心 (ri) meaning "mind, heart, spirit, soul; thoughts, ideas" combined with 鈴 (rin) meaning "bell, chime". Other kanji combinations are possible.

FAITEL m Yiddish

Derived from the Latin name VITALIS, meaning "full of life". It came into use in Eastern Europe at the beginning of the 16th century.

ADITI f Hinduism, Indian, Hindi, Marathi, Bengali, Kannada

Means "boundless, entire" or "freedom, security" in Sanskrit. This is the name of an ancient Hindu goddess of the sky and fertility. According to the Vedas she is the mother of the gods.

AMPORN f Thai

Derived from Thai อํา (am) meaning "hidden, concealed" and พร (phon) meaning "blessing".

DELARA f Persian

Means "adorning the heart", from Persian دل (del) meaning "heart" and آرا (ara) meaning "decorate, adorn".

CHANG m & f Chinese

From Chinese 昌 (chāng) meaning "flourish, prosper, good, sunlight" (which is usually only masculine), 畅 (chàng) meaning "smooth, free, unrestrained" or 长 (cháng) meaning "long". Other Chinese characters are also possible.

DRISCOLL m English (Rare), Irish

From an Irish surname that was an Anglicized form of Ó Eidirsceóil meaning "descendant of the messenger".

LIV (1) f Swedish, Norwegian, Danish

Derived from the Old Norse name Hlíf meaning "protection". Its use has been influenced by the modern Scandinavian word liv meaning "life".

MEI (2) f Japanese

From Japanese 芽 (me) meaning "bud, sprout" combined with 依 (i) meaning "rely on", 生 (i) meaning "life" or 衣 (i) meaning "clothing, garment". Other kanji combinations are possible.

reyken

wabott (look up wabot)

unimate first robot

 boyota

capeck cadmus (cadmus greke) 

  
  
  

when they were younger, their quirk was much different. a lot more joyful and had more effort put into it. their username is a remnant of their younger self (bc they csnt change it LOL its sum like frivolous exploration)

  
  

kiv adores their consorts n would die for them

  

imagine em sittin cross legged n talkin 2 tha locals :)

  

their planet has a lot of chains that makes it hard to navigate. kiv has 2 break then. maybe it blocks em off from the main island that connects all planets n they realize how lonely they r ?

  
  

detcon first discovers his power bc he fucked up the process of getting into the game and is losing his shit because, hey, a meteor is about to slam into his house! then time freezes and its pretty much a what the FUCK is happening moment

  

note whenever time is frozen everything is  washed over in a red hue

  

i feel like it'd b fun for him 2 time travel n talk 2 his ancestor, who's a scribe, to learn abt the game but theyre just a goofball n r like "aww lookitchu :) i guess we both have the same hair horn issues huh? i should've thought of a beanie"

  

shed actively discourage him from making any kind of friendship w her because she's dead

  

his ancestor couldve written a lot about instructions for the game and stuff bc they'd have the same lusus and same hive. their books are completely secret. he didn't start writing his shit bc he was inspired by them, actually - it was just a big coincidence, even though many trolls try to emulate their ancestors footsteps if they find out about them. i feel like she'd make her stories just that - a story, not really instructions, because she was only interested in writing literature. the books he's been reading since he was a kid were about him and he had no idea. he just thought she was a little off her rocker bc shed write shit like Sorry!!! I don't know his name yet but i will soon :) or Hes coming to visit me soon :)

  
  

kivs quirk is L = \ and lots of tpyos, weird way of phrasing things/broken grammar

ex

u r ki\\ign it ! dont fret. there,s heavrn\y sword for da ps2

  

they have same sense of humor as socpens/pukicho/technoblade

  

ceru slight white savior syndrome

  

cerus powers make him able 2 take and move anything! wheneva hes using it a black aura w a white border and stars forms around his hands n whatever thing he’s stealing. later game he’d be able to make things appear even when they aren’t around, like grab something from someone else’s planet for example. he didn’t live long enuf to get to this point but he’d also be able to steal an objects traits like powers, size, etc. to free the green sun he’d have to recognize those powers in the puzzles n locks but obviously he can’t

  

pythia stashed away all her drawings from when she was little that predicted the games events. when her hive is transported and recreated in the game, all of them r crudely pinned up, nearly covering an entire wall. triggers a flashback sequence where we see her younger self witnessing ceru starting rolsias house fire. its a reminder of the doomed timeline she must enacr and whenever a drawn event happens she's able to take it down. 

  

note when their hives r transported to their planets the game adds or removers aspects of it strategically. like new little secrets that help them w their purpose quest or godtier. some things r rearranged n sum r hidden etc

  
  

rolsia is rly into fashion! her dream item would b 2 get a fancy dress one day like highblood shit. when she combined the gold coin n her overalls that's what she expected, but the sweater was so high end she decided to keep it

  
  

ceru: he was pretty much those suburban white boys who went out sayin slurs n shootin crows w the boys for fun. so imagine one of them realizes their mistakes and tries to make up for it but was so spoiled by the system and his family that he has no guidance. thats him

  
  

kiv wears their hat bc it's cold n they also don't feel like brushing their hair, detcon wears beanie for the aesthetic but mainly bc his hair so big his lil horns would b covered. he never tells anyone that ofc

  

 ceru tries to befriend rolsia throughout tha story  2 atone for his crimes or watev

  

detcon has a ripped out diary of a wimpy kid page that he used as a dartboard when he was younger

  

ask em wat she thinks ocs sound like

  

even tho he isnt "female oriented" (aka gay) detcon does very well notice that pythia is sexy

  

detcon would probably fuck a monster given the chance

  

[https://www.instagram.com/p/CHWE6G4hoRT/?igshid=lvkxwicc3qrr](https://www.instagram.com/p/CHWE6G4hoRT/?igshid=lvkxwicc3qrr) ceru did this in his room when he was younger but w britney spears 

  

i can't handle change by roar is rolsia or ceru song ? 😏

  

rolsia baby bride rag by roar?

  
  

detcon is barely recovering from his teen emo phase a couple years aho

  

he n kiv played mc together a lot