

when youd finally needled in himto livng with you, an insane idea that almost felt intoxicating to you -- living with a real brother -- he asked you whether you had any plan B's in mind, alternate places to stay. what bothered you though is that it wasn't a question at all -- with his tone you could tell he already held the answer, was keeping it in his pocket -- it wasn't him asking, genuinely, insecurely, it was a more settled statement, more accurately put as, "i hope you have somewhere else to go when i make you skip out of here because i care about you". 
but you didn't have all the words for that. so instead, you told him, vaguely, you had a plan. and he nodded and took it and didn't question it. 

it was so clear to you that he wasn't bro, that itself was extraordinary and delicate like a fabergie egg in your hands, yet the glimmers shined through at times. he was far, far better at speaking emotionally than you, bafflingly so. his words were clear-cut and concrete and direct, sucking the air from the room and betraying some sort of fundamental fact. it felt too good to be true, to have a fish hook for a roommate that would, soon enough, catch you and send you shooting out of the water. and it did happen, eventually. slowly you began to realize his affinity was for articulating emotion rather than meaning it; he knew how to string words together, sentences, but all the time everything came back to him and how it was all his fault. it frustrated you because you could just smell on his breath the way he wanted you to try and push back against it, just so he could rebuke that and start all over.
but you didn't have the words for all that. they are flimsy in comparison so you could tell that whatever you said would fall flat against his ears. you tried anyway.
(i roughly articulated this in words on the voice recordings app on phone)

it was strange, the way he pawed the ground before you. he had a knack for grovelling, not begging for your approval as much as your forgiveness, which made you feel a little queasy because, for one, you relaly just met the guy; and, for two, you do not think you will ever forgive bro, in the full definition of forgive, and it's tough to have him scratching at that wound. that's not to say he was literally weeping at you, but you could tell that there were little cracks between his words, a monotone invitation; and too-quick solutions to less-important problems, and a strange dutifulness around the house you know would run out. you just tried to be chill and let that shit sail clear over your head and talk to him like any other guy. 
it was clear, though, that dirk intreacted w you in a way he did nobody else; yes, he was always some strong pillar among the group, but solid and uncomfortable on the shoulders; to you, he was a human to lean on with open arms even though his body was hard and impossible to sink into. and you enjoyed that. you found it easier to tell him when shit was bothering you than anybody else, being able to stand up for yourself and cut it out, just for the little things. it's not like you had a problem with that sort of thing, but it's more, and this is something yo udon't know/cant admit (make more subtext), the pride and satisfaction of being able to lay down the law with your bro proxy. you eat that shit up. 

thats not to say that the situation was nightmarish or anything. this came up more the way chemical cleaner periodically clouds up a bathroom or a kitchen. 
you guys could make each other fucking laugh and you loved to see dirk laugh. his emoting at all was sweet in the way that fruit juice is sweet. and he was all up in that sbahj lore like nobody else, of course. he gave you ideas that you'd've made in his-timeline your-future and they were wicked genius every time. 
you just wish he'd stop tensing all the goddamn time because he is going to get an anyeurism. you have told him as such, in less direct words, and he's taken it lightly.  