dvs neighbors r all swamp hillbillies

  

he lives a swamp boat ride, long walk, n abandoned subway ride to get to the city

  

pretty much very rural kind yet off their rocker community who cherishes the vorones. some of the much older residents know how special detcon is to the universe

  

THIS IS WHY HE TALKS LIKE THAT

  

most of them are kind old people, rejected by society. its a fully lowblood community who are pretty much off the grid, as the location isnt marked on any official maps. the majority of them are farmers that get by, trading with each other and generally keeping a nice sense of community. they dont take kindly to highbloods though and try their best to keep detcon on the right track, as hes the youngest one there, especially considering theyve seen him with two when he was younger - they were unwelcoming towards kiv when they took shelter at dv's home, and had a talk with dv when they spotted he and ceru lookin for bog bodies. detcon made kiv feel welcomed for their stay, though... and stopped talking to ceru after that. partly of his own volition, for the record, as the kid would always kinda keep him as a pet

  

when he was younger dv would gather their harvest and try to sell it in the city, then come back and redistribute the earnings to their rightful owner. they would usually let him have his fair share of the income, though

  

a long long time ago, highbloods tried to get in and steal the area as their exotic, gentrified, "rustic" waters. didnt have fun when they realized that the brown water they were so excited to clean for themselves was actually like, 10 foot deep mud.